test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,put
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 1 0 put,mix
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 mix,separate
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 3 1 separate,combine
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 4 0 combine,put
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 5 0 put,mix
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 mix,combine
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 7 0 combine,mix
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 8 1 mix,combine
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 9 1 combine,set
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 10 0 set,put
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 11 1 put,set
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 12 0 set,cook
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 13 1 cook,leave
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 14 0 leave,remove
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 15 0 remove,put
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 16 1 put,combine
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 17 0 combine,put
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 18 0 put,mix
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 19 1 mix,combine
test/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 20 0 combine,serve
test/Argentine-Chimichurri-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,set
test/Argentine-Chimichurri-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml 1 1 set,cook
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 1 0 put,mix
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 mix,combine
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 3 0 combine,mix
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 4 1 mix,set
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 5 1 set,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 put,do
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 7 0 do,leave
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 8 1 leave,set
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 9 1 set,do
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 10 0 do,combine
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 11 1 combine,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 12 0 put,do
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 13 1 do,cut
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 14 1 cut,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 15 0 put,cook
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 16 1 cook,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 17 0 put,cook
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 18 1 cook,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 19 1 put,combine
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 20 0 combine,put
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 21 0 put,mix
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 22 1 mix,combine
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 23 1 combine,do
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 24 1 do,cook
test/Baked-Fake-Steak-with-Gravy.rcp_tagged.xml 25 1 cook,serve
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,mix
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 1 1 mix,combine
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 2 0 combine,set
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 3 0 set,leave
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 4 1 leave,set
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 5 1 set,separate
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 6 0 separate,put
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 7 1 put,cook
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 8 1 cook,leave
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 9 1 leave,put
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 10 1 put,cook
test/BBQ-Chuck-Roast.rcp_tagged.xml 11 1 cook,combine
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 set,do
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 1 1 do,do
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 do,combine
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 3 1 combine,put
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 4 1 put,cook
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 5 0 cook,do
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 6 0 do,cook
test/Chicken-Eileen.rcp_tagged.xml 7 0 cook,serve
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 cook,mix
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 1 1 mix,combine
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 combine,combine
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 3 1 combine,combine
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 4 1 combine,combine
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 5 0 combine,put
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 put,combine
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 7 1 combine,mix
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 8 1 mix,do
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 9 0 do,put
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 10 1 put,cook
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 11 1 cook,leave
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 12 0 leave,put
test/Chocolate-Chews.rcp_tagged.xml 13 0 put,leave
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,mix
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 1 1 mix,combine
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 2 0 combine,mix
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 3 1 mix,combine
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 4 0 combine,combine
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 5 1 combine,do
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 do,combine
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 7 1 combine,set
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 8 0 set,put
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 9 0 put,chefcheck
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 10 1 chefcheck,set
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 11 0 set,cook
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 12 0 cook,chefcheck
test/Cinnamon-Crackle-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 13 0 chefcheck,serve
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,mix
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 1 0 mix,chefcheck
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 chefcheck,combine
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 3 0 combine,put
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 4 1 put,leave
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 5 1 leave,set
test/Dads-Kickin-Jamaican-Wings-Mon.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 set,cook
test/Drunken-Fruit-Salsa.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,put
test/Drunken-Fruit-Salsa.rcp_tagged.xml 1 0 put,mix
test/Drunken-Fruit-Salsa.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 mix,leave
test/Drunken-Fruit-Salsa.rcp_tagged.xml 3 0 leave,chefcheck
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 cook,combine
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 1 0 combine,cook
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 2 0 cook,chefcheck
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 3 1 chefcheck,separate
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 4 0 separate,combine
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 5 0 combine,mix
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 mix,cut
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 7 0 cut,chefcheck
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 8 1 chefcheck,combine
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 9 0 combine,mix
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 10 1 mix,cook
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 11 1 cook,set
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 12 1 set,combine
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 13 0 combine,mix
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 14 1 mix,cook
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 15 1 cook,combine
test/Fast-and-Delicious-Black-Bean-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml 16 0 combine,serve
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 0 0 combine,put
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 1 1 put,combine
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 2 1 combine,combine
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 3 1 combine,combine
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 4 1 combine,set
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 5 0 set,do
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 6 1 do,do
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 7 1 do,set
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 8 0 set,cook
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 9 0 cook,chefcheck
test/Grandmas-Wheat-Germ-Cookies.rcp_tagged.xml 10 1 chefcheck,leave
